{\rtf1\ansi\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue255;}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\f0\fs28 \b CKUA VOCAL LANDSCAPE: AN AUDITORY MEDICINE ANALYSIS \b0\fs24\par
\par
\b INTRODUCTION \b0\par
In the context of the AB/SK Music as Medicine pilot program, this document analyzes the physiological impact of specific vocal profiles. By leveraging the physics of prosody, these broadcasters act as biological anchors for the regional nervous system.\par
\par
\b 1. THE DEEP RESONATORS (Parasympathetic Anchors) \b0\par
\b Bob Chelmick:\b0  Deep-field resonance. Low-frequency "thermal mass" creates a mental heat sink for total decompression.\par
\b Tom Coxworth:\b0  Textural grit. Low sibilance environment comparable to restorative medical settings.\par
\b Holger Petersen:\b0  Rounded resonance. Provides authority without ego, allowing for low-stakes cognitive absorption.\par
\par
\b 2. THE HARMONIC MID-RANGE (Emotional Regulators) \b0\par
\b Allison Brock:\b0  Architectural anchor. Deliberate cadence mimics grounded conversation, signaling safety to the vagus nerve.\par
\b Lark Clark:\b0  Earthy warmth. Balanced mid-range delivery encourages mental expansion without the "startle" reflex.\par
\b Celeigh Cardinal:\b0  Narrative fullness. High richness of overtones provides the empathetic resonance needed to combat burnout.\par
\par
\b 3. THE HIGH-SIGNAL CATALYSTS (Cognitive Refreshment) \b0\par
\b Grant Stovel:\b0  Bright resonance. High articulatory precision cuts through morning cortisol to provide predictable reliability.\par
\b Dawn Pemberton:\b0  Harmonic richness. Sunlight tones trigger dopamine release, acting as a natural non-jittery stimulant.\par
\b Amy van Keeken:\b0  Melodic prosody. High heart rate variability (HRV) support through rhythmic, shimmery delivery.\par
\par
\b 4. THE TRANSITIONAL GUIDES (State-Shift Support) \b0\par
\b David Ward:\b0  Ethereal fluidity. Calms the nervous system during liminal transitions (e.g., work-to-home).\par
\b Tony King:\b0  Velvet intimacy. Low-volume, high-presence delivery acts as a social lubricant, lowering defensive posture.\par
\par
\i Generated for the Music as Medicine Project Archive.\i0\par
}
