{\rtf1\ansi\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;}}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\f0\fs24 \b DATE:\b0 April 14, 2026\par
\b TO:\b0 The Board of Directors / Station Manager, CKUA Radio Network\par
\b FROM:\b0 Mark Kruger, AB/SK Music as Medicine Pilot Program\par
\b SUBJECT:\b0 Strategic Analysis of CKUA Vocal Prosody as a Public Health Asset\par
\par
Dear Director,\par
\par
I am writing to you as a long-time listener and a professional involved in the Alberta/Saskatchewan pilot program exploring \b Music as Medicine\b0 . My background in high-tolerance industrial manufacturing and physics has led me to analyze CKUA not just as a cultural institution, but as a critical piece of auditory health infrastructure.\par
\par
Attached to this letter, you will find a \b Technical Vocal Analysis\b0 of your current hosting roster. Using the physics of prosody and neuro-acoustic principles, I have categorized your hosts by their ability to provide "biological anchors" for the listener's nervous system. \par
\par
\b Key Insights Included:\b0\par
- The role of low-frequency resonance in vagal nerve stimulation.\par
- How your hosts' specific cadences promote parasympathetic "rest and digest" states.\par
- The impact of CKUA?s high Signal-to-Noise ratio on community cortisol levels.\par
\par
While CKUA is celebrated for its musical curation, I believe the "vocal medicine" provided by your team is a global asset. In a world of high-stress digital noise, CKUA provides a resonant frequency that stabilizes the public nervous system. I offer this analysis for your consideration as you look toward the future of the station and its impact on the global community.\par
\par
I would welcome the opportunity to discuss how these technical frameworks can further support CKUA?s mission.\par
\par
Sincerely,\par
\par
\b Mark Kruger\b0\par
\i Lead, Music as Medicine Project Archive\i0\par
}
